Features/buildrel (#402)
dotnet/machinelearning-samples: samples/csharp/getting-started/BinaryClassification_AutoML/README.md

# Sentiment Analysis for User Reviews

## Automated Machine Learning
Automated machine learning (AutoML) automates the end-to-end process of applying machine learning to real-world problems. Given a dataset, AutoML iterates over different data featurizations, machine learning algorithms, hyperparamters, etc. to select the best model based on training scores.

## Problem

> This problem is to predict if a customer's review has a positive or negative sentiment. We will use small wikipedia-detox-datasets: one dataset for training and a second to test the model produced by AutoML. Human judges assigned every comment in these datasets a sentiment label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem is to predict if a Wikipedia comment contains a personal attack or not. We will use small sample of the Wikipedia Detox dataset: one dataset for training and a second to test the model produced by AutoML. Human judges assigned every comment in these datasets a toxicity label:
```

Reviewer 2: thank you -- this was directly copied from https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning-samples/blob/master/samples/csharp/getting-started/BinaryClassification_SentimentAnalysis/README.md , then fixed up a bit. thank you for the further fix up

```

## Step 2: Build a Machine Learning Model Using AutoML

Instantiate and run an AutoML experiment. In doing so, specify how long the experiment should run in seconds (`ExperimentTime`), and set a progress handler that will receive notifications after AutoML trains & evaluates each new model.

```C#
// Run AutoML binary classification experiment
ExperimentResult<BinaryClassificationMetrics> experimentResult = mlContext.Auto()
    .CreateBinaryClassificationExperiment(ExperimentTime)
    .Execute(trainingDataView, progressHandler: new BinaryExperimentProgressHandler());
```

## Step 3: Evaluate Model

Grab the best model produced by the AutoML experiment

```C#
ITransformer model = experimentResult.BestRun.Model;
```

and evaluate its quality on a test dataset that was not used in training (`wikipedia-detox-250-line-test.tsv`).

`EvaluateNonCalibrated` compares the predicted values for the test dataset to the real values. It produces various metrics, such as accuracy:

```C#
var predictions = trainedModel.Transform(testDataView);
var metrics = mlContext.BinaryClassification.EvaluateNonCalibrated(predictions, scoreColumnName: "Score");
```

> ## Step 4: Make Predictions

Reviewer: Please add a refit using all data (train+test datasets); this is the model which should be sent to production.

TrainTest and CV are only for getting the metrics for the model. The next step after getting metrics is creating the model for production.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for pointing this out. Modified the re-fit & README in the advanced sample to demonstrate this. Perhaps for the remaining samples, we can tackle after BUILD

Reviewer: @daholste: thanks so much
